the
hey guys so today I wanted to do a
tutorial that was really summer friendly
and just really bright and fun because I
never do super super bright eye makeup
so this is a first for me so after
priming my lids I'm going to begin by
applying a yellow matte eyeshadow to the
middle of my lids and blending it out my
eyeshadows that I'm using today they're
extremely bright and I got them from
sleek makeup so if you go on their
website you can check it out I bought
two pilots in there and they're pretty
decent so I like using them because
they're very colorful but anyway this is
another sleek palette and I'm using the
burnt orange like a burnt orange
e-collar I believe it's called sunset
tequila this eyeshadow color but it's
like a shimmery orange color it's really
really pretty so I'm using that in the
outer corner and blending it with that
yellow and i'm actually going back in
with the yellow and i'm going to just
reapply it to the middle of my lid to
brighten it up after that I'm going to
take taupe from my lorac Pro palette and
I'm going to apply it into my crease
area it's just this Matt Toby brown
color and what this is going to do is
just basically tone it down so it's not
so like out there you know after that
I'm going to take a highlight color and
I'm going to insert it into the inner
corner of my lids and blending it upward
basically it's kind of going to be like
a gradient it's gonna go from light and
shimmery to like pretty smoky or in
almost like a sunset kind of thing going
on yeah I'm just gonna blend that out
gotta be off
CCS wait
let's go to Vegas dress up like movie
stars I see how will we get there she
says boy let's steal a car after that's
done I'm going to take that burnt orange
e color again and I'm going to apply it
on my lower lashline I actually took a
little bit of water and I apply it with
water so it was more intense and then
after that I'm going to take my eyeliner
my liquid liner and I'm going to just do
a very thin cat
she is
I'm going to finish the look by curling
my lashes and applying a waterproof
mascara to the top and bottom lashes
sugar for you so I don't never could
never have a letter you let you go after
the eyes are done I'm going to go in
with this NARS blush in jena and i'm
just going to apply it to my cheekbones
I've already applied my bronzer to
contour and stuff so you can do that as
well so i'm just applying that it's a
really pretty orange e-collar i feel
like it looks really pretty in the
summertime so i'm busting this blush out
again for the summer and then after i'm
taking my NARS foreplay palette and I'm
applying the shimmering gold color as a
highlight after that I'm taking a Revlon
lip butter and mine is in it gets wild
watermelon or I'll put the name in the
description box but i'm just applying it
to the middle of my lip and then
blending it up kind of for like a stage
and after that my look is complete thank
you guys so much for watching and don't
forget my music is by Jay Loftus brand
new music go ahead and check out his
YouTube channel youtube.com slash J
Loftus for the video premiere of
ballerina you don't want to get I want
to get it first I feel like this might
be ah yeah you got to give your best
face though oh yeah totally it's go me I
hate you